The Apollonian Gasket in 3D

Widgets:
Mouse click on a widget to select it.
It's legend will turn Green.
You can also move the focus up/down with the '<' and '>' keys.
Press the assigned Hotkey character to move the focus directly.

Now on the image:
Mouse drag to control the widget's parameters.
You can also use the Arrow keys.
Note: Hold down the <option> key to increase the alteration amount.
Note: Hold down the <A> key to decrease the alteration amount.

Note: certain widget rows manage a three part parameter (x,y and z).
The first graph displays the x,y values, the second graph displays the z value.
Hold down the <Shift> key to apply X axis movements to the Z value (second graph).

Buttons:
A button command is performed by Mouse clicking on the legend.

Note: Press <1> to toggle display of the control panel.
Note: Use can exit program by press the <esc> key.

Z. Zoom:
   affect camera distance from towers.

D. minDist:
   control how closely the distance estimation algorithm approaches the objects.
   effectively the image resolution.

2. Multiplier:
   drastic effect in the algorithm, but nothing compared to the following,

3. Dali:
   who tears the towers into pieces like something Salvador Dali would enjoy.

L. Light:
   control position of Light source.

C. Tint
   colorize the towers.

4. Ambient...
   Collection of lighting effects.
   sMin,sMax,sMult and sAmt control a Shadow effect.
   (move among these widgets via the '<','>' keys or mouse clicks)

5. autoChg:
   automatically cycles all the lighting effects.

S. Apollonian1 vs. Apollonian2  style
6,7,8. experimental variables to trash the classic algorithms.

F  Fog:
   distance affects brightness.

V. Save/Load:
   launch the Save/Load dialog.

7. Reset:
   return to original parameters.

O. Stereo: toggles stereo viewing
   Not very exciting on this app; don't know why..
   The image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
   With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross
   your eyes so that there is a third image in the middle.
   Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that
   middle image, which is in 3D.

8. Parallax
   decide which poritions of the image should be 'closer' rather than 'farther', then
   use the Parallax widget to adjust direction and intensity of the the stereo effect.
   you will probably have to adjust parallax whenever you Rotate the image.

M. Move
   Move the camera position.
   Hold down htr <Shift> key to access the 3rd axis of movement.

R. Rotate
   crudely rotate the camera orientation.

9. Texture
   you can select an image (jpg, png) to texture the object.
   click this widget to launch the image picker dialog.

T. When a texture is loaded these companion widgets control the center
   and scaling of the texture
